So let's do that.
We can make two directives or
we can make one directive.
I think I'll make two so
I can show you how you can use two
directives in combination with each other
on one field, cuz I think it will be
really cool, cuz I didn't talk about that.
So we'll make one for
authentication directive That
extends the schema direct the visitor I'm
just gonna copy that and make another one
down here for authorization directive.
[SOUND] Okay, and we're going to
visit the field definition here.
We're going to get the field for
authentication,
we know the strategy is grab
the user from the context.
If the user is not there, throw an error.
That's what we did.
It's exactly what we're going to do.
So we're going to say,
resolver is going to equal
field.resolve or
it's going to equal the default resolver.
And then we're going to say,
field.resolve = async function,
really get the route.
We don't really care about the args here.
We do care about the context though.
The content is what we're interested in,
we're interested in user, so I'm actually,
I'm just gonna say just give me
context and then give me info.
Cool.
So then I'm gonna do the same
thing I did an all file.
So I can go copy that actually,
I'm gonna all file and
I could literally just copy that,
we'll copy that.
Come back over here.
Spill, that.
And I can say if not context.user
throw authentication error.
Make sure I import that up top here.
There we go.
So I'm just gonna throw an authentication
error instead of returning next.
I'm just going to return resolver.
And that should be ctx.
And that should also be cx,
I following you that stream
is the exact same code
regardless get the role here,
role is going to be this arcs.
There we go.
So basically it's the same thing here.
So filled out, resolve If not context,
if context that user
role does not equal role than
wrong role, right?
So you're not going to get in here and
then we're going to return the resolver,
cool.
And obviously the export these things,
Authorization, authentication,
Awesome, and go back to our typedefs.
Let's do some directive things here.
directive, and
we'll say authentication Authorization.
Cool.
And authentication doesn't take any
arguments, and it's on a field definition.
Author of these others isn't does take an
argument takes a role which is type row.
And that's required.
And that's going to be
on a field definition.
>> You get a default?
>> Yeah, you can get a default you can say
like I don't know, like me, like that.
Do you want to default admin or member,
whatever you want to do, but yeah,
you can give to default.
Cool.
So we require that, that looks good.
We need to, add them on our index.
So we got the FormatDateDirective.
We also need the dedication directive and
the Authorization directive.
We had to say authentication.
Is the dedication and
then authorization key.
There we go, authorization director.
Cool.
All that looks good.
Let's just make sure this didn't
break while we're moving along.
Cool guy looks good but nothing breaks.
And now you gotta do is just add them
wherever you want so these are field
definitions, so queries are types and
they have filter so you can add them here.
So if I wanted to get me,
I will had to say you need to be
authentication here, where's that one
worse you had to invite so if I invite,
you also had to be authentication and
you also have to be authorization.
I should rename those of us.
Those are not good names.
Authentic kated and authorized.
That's a lot better.
Let's do that.Dedicated and
authorized, cool.
So yeah, you need to be, got put that out.
Where did you go?
there we go so authenticated, like that.
And then down here you also
have to be authenticated and
authorize and you can pass in a roll
here to be whatever you want.
So you can just put these
side by side like that.
Pretty cool, right?
All right, so let's see,
unknown directive authentication,
where am I still using that?
>> Couple lines up, 94.
>> I could have swore I change that.
Cool, there we go.
Refresh this.
And now if I do the, and just to verify
if I go to my resolvers I'm pretty sure I
don't have any of those
authentication things on there.
Yeah, I don't, I have any any of those
wrappers that you might have had.
So if it errors out because it's
authentication is definitely direct us and
not the resolvers.
So if I say cool, let me get me.
Can ID, kind of property role of no role.
>> On the take off, the director has to
authorize instead of the authenticated.
>> This one right here.
Yeah, you are right,
it's already authenticated.
Thank you.
It's like, I don't know why it's looking
for a role there, that's strange.
Cool, not off.
So it totally works.
Let's do a sign up really quick
just to get a token going.
So I think I might already have one.
I don't Bet I got one
copied in here somewhere.
Come on.
There's one!
Look at there.
Let's copy that.
Let's pray that still works.
[LAUGH]
I'll have to sign up again.
So authorization.
It still works.
It gotta load.
It's good old JDLT.
So cool, that works.
And now if we try to do like
the invite one, [INAUDIBLE]
know that's I'm sure that's an admin so
I would definitely have to sign out.
So kind of [INAUDIBLE] this time.
Mutation, Signup,
auth SignupInput, like that.
Signup, Input, auth, give it a token,
it's all I care about and,
like all thing here like the email,
age.com and the password of
pass and a row of member.
Cool, so
we did that get back to this token here.
All right, and then we'll try and
do an invite here.
>> You missed an E on the front of it,
[COUGH]
>> Thank you.
I'll get that token there,
do a mutation here for
an invite, which takes an input and
an email, whatever.
And the role of Doesn't matter and
then we'll try to get this here.
And our QUERY VARIABLES are HTTP HEADERS.
Authorization and
our token here wrong role.
So, works out pretty good.
Now, if I change this to this one or this
one would I'm assuming this is an admin.
I don't know, this and this very
well might not be an admin token.
I have no clue.
But let's find out.
Paste that in there.
Yeah, that works.
And that's how you do
authentication directives.
Pretty easily.
It's basically the same code we
already wrote.
And, you know, I'll leave up to you.
What do you think is cleaner?
Ryan stuff like this?
Or wrapping all your resolvers?
I don't know.
You tell me.
This is way cleaner.
Any questions?
>> Yeah.
>> So this is at a field level, right?
So if I read a query that
doesn't include that field
does that mean I could still
get data from that query?
>> If you write a query that
doesn't include that, Phil?
Well, I did.
I placed these on the field on the query,
these are on queries and mutations.
>> So if I, offer me, got it, okay.
That makes sense.
>> Yeah, yeah, so you should be good.
I mean, you can also put
them on fields on a tight.
>> This is what I did initially.
>> Yeah, yeah you can do that too.
Yeah, you could totally do that.
Like there's like, you know,
>> You can have all this stuff except for
this one field right here
because only admins can see it.
So we're gonna make that authorized to
be role admin, something like that.